#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.12
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
asgiref==3.9.1
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-cors-headers
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   outcome
    #   trio
backports-csv==1.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
bcrypt==4.3.0
    # via paramiko-ng
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via -r requirements.in
build==1.3.0
    # via pip-tools
cachetools==5.5.2
    # via
    #   google-auth
    #   premailer
certifi==2025.8.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   selenium
cffi==1.17.1
    # via cryptography
charset-normalizer==3.4.3
    # via requests
click==8.2.1
    # via pip-tools
contourpy==1.3.3
    # via matplotlib
coverage==7.10.4
    # via -r requirements.in
crispy-bootstrap3==2024.1
    # via -r requirements.in
cryptography==45.0.6
    # via paramiko-ng
cssselect==1.3.0
    # via
    #   premailer
    #   pyquery
cssutils==2.11.1
    # via premailer
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
db-dtypes==1.4.3
    # via pandas-gbq
diskcache==5.6.3
    # via -r requirements.in
django==4.2.23
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   crispy-bootstrap3
    #   django-anymail
    #   django-cors-headers
    #   django-crispy-forms
    #   django-debug-toolbar
    #   django-debug-toolbar-template-timings
    #   django-extensions
    #   djangorestframework
django-anymail[mailgun]==13.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
django-cors-headers==4.7.0
    # via -r requirements.in
django-crispy-forms==2.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   crispy-bootstrap3
django-debug-toolbar==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-debug-toolbar-template-timings
django-debug-toolbar-template-timings==0.9
    # via -r requirements.in
django-dotenv==1.4.2
    # via -r requirements.in
django-extensions==4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
djangorestframework==3.16.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   djangorestframework-csv
djangorestframework-csv==3.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
et-xmlfile==2.0.0
    # via openpyxl
fab-classic==1.20.0
    # via -r requirements.in
flake8==7.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
fonttools==4.59.1
    # via matplotlib
google-api-core[grpc]==2.25.1
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   pandas-gbq
google-api-python-client==2.179.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-auth==2.40.3
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   google-cloud-core
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
google-auth-httplib2==0.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
google-auth-oauthlib==1.2.2
    # via
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   pydata-google-auth
google-cloud-bigquery==3.35.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas-gbq
google-cloud-bigquery-storage==2.32.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-cloud-core==2.4.3
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
google-cloud-storage==3.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
google-crc32c==1.7.1
    # via
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   google-resumable-media
google-resumable-media==2.7.2
    # via
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
googleapis-common-protos==1.70.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
graphviz==0.21
    # via -r requirements.in
grpcio==1.74.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   grpcio-status
grpcio-status==1.74.0
    # via google-api-core
gunicorn==23.0.0
    # via -r requirements.in
h11==0.16.0
    # via wsproto
html2text==2020.1.16
    # via -r requirements.in
html5lib==1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
httplib2==0.22.0
    # via
    #   google-api-python-client
    #   google-auth-httplib2
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   requests
    #   trio
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via -r requirements.in
kiwisolver==1.4.9
    # via matplotlib
lxml==6.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   premailer
    #   pyquery
lz4==4.4.4
    # via -r requirements.in
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via jinja2
matplotlib==3.10.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   seaborn
mccabe==0.7.0
    # via flake8
mock==5.2.0
    # via -r requirements.in
more-itertools==10.7.0
    # via cssutils
networkx==3.5
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==2.3.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   contourpy
    #   db-dtypes
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
oauthlib==3.3.1
    # via requests-oauthlib
openpyxl==3.1.5
    # via -r requirements.in
outcome==1.3.0.post0
    # via
    #   trio
    #   trio-websocket
packaging==25.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   db-dtypes
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   gunicorn
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas-gbq
pandas==2.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   db-dtypes
    #   pandas-gbq
    #   seaborn
pandas-gbq==0.29.2
    # via -r requirements.in
paramiko-ng==2.9.0
    # via fab-classic
pillow==11.3.0
    # via matplotlib
pip-tools==7.5.0
    # via -r requirements.in
premailer==3.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
proto-plus==1.26.1
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
protobuf==6.32.0
    # via
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery-storage
    #   googleapis-common-protos
    #   grpcio-status
    #   proto-plus
psycopg2-binary==2.9.10
    # via -r requirements.in
pyarrow==21.0.0
    # via
    #   db-dtypes
    #   pandas-gbq
pyasn1==0.6.1
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.4.2
    # via google-auth
pycodestyle==2.14.0
    # via flake8
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydata-google-auth==1.9.1
    # via pandas-gbq
pyflakes==3.4.0
    # via flake8
pyparsing==3.2.3
    # via
    #   httplib2
    #   matplotlib
pyproject-hooks==1.2.0
    # via
    #   build
    #   pip-tools
pyquery==2.0.1
    # via -r requirements.in
pysocks==1.7.1
    # via urllib3
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2025.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   pandas
pyvirtualdisplay==3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
raven==6.10.0
    # via -r requirements.in
requests[security]==2.32.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   django-anymail
    #   google-api-core
    #   google-cloud-bigquery
    #   google-cloud-storage
    #   premailer
    #   requests-futures
    #   requests-oauthlib
requests-futures==1.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in
requests-oauthlib==2.0.0
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.9.1
    # via google-auth
scipy==1.16.1
    # via -r requirements.in
seaborn==0.13.2
    # via -r requirements.in
selenium==4.35.0
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   html5lib
    #   python-dateutil
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via trio
sortedcontainers==2.4.0
    # via trio
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlean-py==3.49.1
    # via -r requirements.in
sqlparse==0.5.3
    # via
    #   django
    #   django-debug-toolbar
titlecase==0.12.0
    # via -r requirements.in
trio==0.30.0
    # via
    #   selenium
    #   trio-websocket
trio-websocket==0.12.2
    # via selenium
typing-extensions==4.14.1
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   selenium
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uritemplate==4.2.0
    # via google-api-python-client
urllib3[socks]==2.5.0
    # via
    #   django-anymail
    #   requests
    #   selenium
watchdog==6.0.0
    # via when-changed
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via html5lib
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via selenium
wheel==0.45.1
    # via pip-tools
when-changed==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
wsproto==1.2.0
    # via trio-websocket
xlrd==2.0.2
    # via -r requirements.in

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# pip
# setuptools
